README.md, before:

# logos
A collection of logos in SVG
- - -
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/releases)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/blob/master/LICENSE)

[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=github)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=github)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/stargazers)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/shgysk8zer0.svg?style=social&logo=github&label=Follow)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0)

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fshgysk8zer0%2Flogos)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/shgysk8zer0.svg?style=social&logo=twitter&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/shgysk8zer0)

![](./svg.svg)

Many of these were found on [WikiMedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/) and all
over the Internet. Others, I have made myself.

These were collected or created for my own personal use. Please verify the licensing
of any logo you wish to use from the owner/organization/group of whatever kind
before using any of these.

To my knowledge, these are all either in the Public Domain or usable with certain
restrictions in usage and alterations.

Commit message:

Mention SVG Porn and reitterate checking usage rights
Really do not want anyone thinking that all logos can be used in whatever way they want, so add another warning about alterations.

README.md, after:

# logos
A collection of SVG logos
- - -
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/releases)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/blob/master/LICENSE)

[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=github)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=github)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos/stargazers)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/shgysk8zer0.svg?style=social&logo=github&label=Follow)](https://github.com/shgysk8zer0)

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/shgysk8zer0/logos.svg?style=social&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fshgysk8zer0%2Flogos)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/shgysk8zer0.svg?style=social&logo=twitter&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/shgysk8zer0)

![](./svg.svg)

Many of these were found on [WikiMedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/) or [SVGPorn](https://svgporn.com)
and all over the Internet. Others, I have made myself.

These were collected or created for my own personal use. Please verify the licensing
of any logo you wish to use from the owner/organization/group of whatever kind
before using any of these.

To my knowledge, these are all either in the Public Domain or usable with certain
restrictions in usage and alterations. Again, please check the media usage terms
before making any alterations.
